All right, so there can be a lot of anxiety sometimes switching from this nice, pretty interface over
to this black and white screen with just text, you know, it's really cryptic.
Maybe it's kind of archaic, but you can actually do all the same things as I showed in the last lecture.
So I'm going to show you something else to kind of help maybe alleviate some of that anxiety.
So I'm just going to reset my screen here so this works properly.
So if you're on a Mac, just try this: type, 'say', space,
'hello.'
"Hello."
And there your computer talks to you.
How cool is that?
If you happen to be on Linux, you can try this one:
[typing 'curl http:/wttr.in']
And there you get the nice little weather, nice, pretty graphics, so even though the command line
might seem like it's, you know, kind of a step backwards, there's still some familiar pieces to it.
All right.
So I'm going to clear my screen here and then you're going to start writing your first script.
So type this: 'echo'
'this is my first script'
And then this little greater than sign.
And name it first_script.sh.  And now that was your first script, it's just a simple one line
script, but you can run it now by typing 'bash', which is the command that you want to run it with.
And then 'first_script.sh', and there it prints out your text.
And that's because you wrote this command here, echo, which is the command, and then whatever text
follows it.